[Produced by Da Internz and Polow Da Don]
My anaconda don't, my anaconda don't

My anaconda don't want none unless you got buns, hun
[Verse 1]
Boy toy named Troy used to live in Detroit
Big dope dealer money, he was gettin' some coins
Was in shootouts with the law, but he live in a palace
Bought me Alexander McQueen, he was keeping me stylish
Now that's real, real, real

Gun in my purse, bitch, I came dressed to kill
Who wanna go first? I had them pushing daffodils
I'm high as hell, I only took a half a pill
I'm on some dumb shit, by the way, what he say?

He can tell I ain't missing no meals
Come through and fuck him in my automobile
Let him eat it with his grills and he tellin' me to chill
And he telling me it's real, that he love my sex appeal
Say he don't like 'em boney, he want something he can grab
So I pulled up in the Jag,
and I hit him with the jab like
Dun-d-d-dun-dun-d-d-dun-dun
[Bridge One]

My anaconda don't, my anaconda don't

My anaconda don't want none unless you got buns, hun
Oh my gosh, look at her butt

Oh my gosh, look at her butt

Oh my gosh, look at her butt

(Look at her butt)

Look at, look at, look at

Look, at her butt
[Verse 2]
This dude named Michael used to ride motorcycles

Dick bigger than a tower, I ain't talking about Eiffel's
Real country-ass nigga, let me play with his rifle
Pussy put his ass to sleep, now he calling me NyQuil
Now that bang, bang, bang
I let him hit it cause he slang cocaine
He toss my salad like his name Romaine
And when we done, I make him buy me Balmain
I'm on some dumb shit, by the way, what he say?

He can tell I ain't missing no meals
Come through and fuck him in my automobile
Let him eat it with his grills, and he telling me to chill
And he telling me it's real, that he love my sex appeal
He say he don't like 'em boney, he want something he can grab
So I pulled up in the Jag,
Mayweather with the jab like
Dun-d-d-dun-dun-d-d-dun-dun...
Little in the middle but she got much back

Little in the middle but she got much back

Little in the middle but she got much back
(Oh my God, look at her butt)
[Outro]
Yeah, he love this fat ass, hahahahahahahaha!
Yeah! This one is for my bitches with a fat ass in the fucking club

I said, where my fat ass big bitches in the club?
Fuck the skinny bitches

Fuck the skinny bitches in the club

I wanna see all the big fat-ass bitches in the muthafuckin' club

Fuck you if you skinny bitches, what?!
Kyuh
Hahahaha
RRRRRR
Yeah, I got a big fat ass (ass, ass, ass...)
Come on!
[Produced by Hit-Boy, Beyoncé Knowles, Rey Reel, Hazebanga and Boots]
Dum-da-de-da

Do, do, do, do, do, do

(Coming down, dripping candy on the groun')
It's that Yoncé, your Yoncé

In that lingerie, on that chardonnay

Scoring touchdowns on your runway
I'm Texas forever like Bun B
And I'm Redboned yo
I'm really rit like Donjae

I'm camo in here yo
These thots can't clock me nowadays
You wish I was your pound cake

Boy, you know I look good as fuck

Wish I was your baby momma
Want me to come around and give you good karma, but no

We escalating, up in this bitch like elevators
Of course sometimes shit go down

When it's a billion dollars on an elevator

Of course sometimes shit go down

When it's a billion dollars on an elevator
Ha-ha! God damn, God damn, God damn
[Bridge 1: Beyoncé]
Momma taught me good home training
My Daddy taught me how to love my haters
My sister taught me I should speak my mind
My man made me feel so God damn fine (I'm flawless!)
[Hook: Beyoncé]

You wake up, flawless

Post up, flawless

Ridin' round in it, flawless

Flossin' on that, flawless

This diamond, flawless

My diamond, flawless

This rock, flawless

My Roc, flawless

I woke up like this, I woke up like this

We flawless, ladies tell 'em

I woke up like this, I woke up like this

We flawless, ladies tell 'em

Say "I look so good tonight"

God damn, God damn

Say "I look so good tonight"

God damn, God damn, God damn
I wake up looking this good

And I wouldn’t change it if I could

(If I could, if I, if I, could)
And you can say what you want, I’m the shit

(What you want I’m the shit, I'm the shit)

(I’m the shit, I’m the shit, I’m the shit)
I want everyone to feel like this tonight

God damn, God damn, God damn!
[Sample: SpottieOttieDopaliscious]
(Onika...)
Looking Trinidadian, Japanese and Indian
Got Malaysian, got that yaki, that wavy Brazilian
(Them bitches thirsty, I’m Hungarian)
(Nicki, BB, be eating, diamond fangs, barbarian, ah)
Yo, like MJ doctor, they killing me

Propofol, I know they hope I fall
But tell ‘em winning is my motherfuckin’ protocol
‘Cause I score before I ever throw the ball
These bitches washed up and ain’t no fuckin’ soap involved, uh
This every hood nigga dream, fantasizing about Nicki and Bey

Curvalicious, pussy served delicious
Mayday, mayday, earth to bitches
Slap these hoes on they ass, like we birthing bitches, UHN!
The queen of rap, slayin' with Queen B
If you ain’t on the team, you playin’ for team D

Cause we A-listers, we paid sisters
This watch right here done phased blizzards
I confess, I woke up like this
All this drank in my cup like this
All this ass on that flawless dick
Instagram, another flawless pic
Flawless city with these flawless titties
I got all these hundreds, you got all them fifties

I’m with some flawless bitches because they more than pretty
Cause niggas love bad bitches that be on they grizzly
Throw that ass back, I be on my frisbee
Princess cut diamonds on my Disney
He want monster Nicki in Sri Lanka
I told him meet me at the Trump, Ivanka
I said come here, let me show you how this cookie taste

This that "Yeah, nigga, eat the cookie" face
(Right, right, right)
Because you know I'm all about that bass

'bout that bass, no treble

I'm all 'bout that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble

I'm all 'bout that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble

I'm all 'bout that bass, 'bout that bass
Yeah it's pretty clear, I ain't no size two

But I can shake it, shake it like I'm supposed to do
Cause I got that boom boom that all the boys chase, and

All the right junk in all the right places
I see the magazines working that Photoshop

We know that shit ain't real

Come on now, make it stop
If you got beauty beauty just raise 'em up

Cause every inch of you is perfect

From the bottom to the top
Yeah, my momma she told me don't worry about your size

She says, boys like a little more booty to hold at night (that booty, booty, uh, that booty booty
You know I won't be no stick-figure, silicone Barbie doll

So, if that's what's you're into then go ahead and move along
Hey, I'm bringing booty back

Go ahead and tell them skinny bitches that
No, I'm just playing I know you think you're fat

But I'm here to tell you

Every inch of you is perfect from the bottom to the top
I eat my dinner in my bathtub, then I go to sex clubs

Watchin' freaky people gettin' it on
It doesn't make me nervous, if anything, I'm restless

Yeah I've been around and I've seen it all
I get home, I got the munchies, binge on all my Twinkies

Throw up in the tub and I go to sleep
And I drank up all my money, tastin' kind of lonely
You're gone and I got to stay

High, all the time, to keep you off my mind

High, all the time, to keep you off my mind
Spend my days locked in a haze

Tryna forget you, babe, I fall back down

Gotta stay high, all my life

To forget I'm missin' you
Pick up daddies at the playground, how I spend my day time

Loosen up their frown, make 'em feel alive

Make it fast and greasy, I'm numb and way too easy
Stayin' in my play pretend where the fun ain't got no end
Can't go home alone again need someone to numb the pain
[Couplet 1]
Dites-moi d'où il vient

Enfin je saurai où je vais

Maman dit que lorsqu'on cherche bien

On finit toujours par trouver
Elle dit qu'il n'est jamais très loin

Qu'il part très souvent travailler
Maman dit "travailler c'est bien"

Bien mieux qu'être mal accompagné
Pas vrai ?
Où est ton papa ?

Dis-moi où est ton papa ?
Sans même devoir lui parler

Il sait ce qui ne va pas

Ah sacré papa
Dis-moi où es-tu caché ?

Ça doit, faire au moins mille fois que j'ai

Compté mes doigts
Où t'es, papaoutai ?

Où t'es, papaoutai ?

Où t'es, papaoutai ?

Où t'es, où t'es où, papaoutai ?
[Couplet 2]
Serons-nous détestables ?

Serons-nous admirables ?

Des géniteurs ou des génies ?
Dites-nous qui donne naissance aux irresponsables ?
Tout le monde sait comment on fait les bébés

Mais personne sait comment on fait des papas
Monsieur Je-sais-tout en aurait hérité, c'est ça
Faut l'sucer d'son pouce ou quoi ?
Dites-nous où c'est caché, ça doit

Faire au moins mille fois qu'on a, bouffé nos doigts
Paroles rédigées et expliquées par la communauté Rap Genius France
Looking at it now

It all seemed so simple

We were lying on your couch

I remember
You took a Polaroid of us
Then discovered (then discovered)

The rest of the world is black and white

But we were in screaming color
And I remember thinkin'
Are we out of the woods yet?

Are we out of the woods yet?

Are we out of the woods yet?

Are we out of the woods?

Are we in the clear yet?

Are we in the clear yet?

Are we in the clear yet?

In the clear yet? Good
Looking at it now

Last December (last december)

We were built to fall apart

And fall back together (back together)
Your necklace hanging from my neck
The night we couldn't quite forget, when we decided

We decided, to move the furniture so we could dance

Baby like we stood a chance
Two paper airplanes flying, flying, flying
Remember when you hit the brakes too soon?

20 stitches in the hospital room
And you started cryin', baby I did too

But when the sun came up, I was lookin' at you
Remember when we couldn't take the heat

I walked out and said I'm settin' you free
But the monsters turned out to be just trees

And when the sun came up, you were lookin' at me

You were lookin' at me

You were lookin' at me, ooh
[Produced by Max Martin, Rickard Göransson & Ilya]
She got a body like an hourglass

But I can give it to you all the time
She got a booty like a Cadillac

But I can send you into overdrive
(You've been waiting for that, step on up, swing your bat)
See, anybody could be bad to you

You need a good girl to blow your mind, yeah
Bang bang into the room (I know you want it)

Bang bang all over you (I’ll let you have it)
Wait a minute let me take you there (ah)
Wait a minute 'til you (ahhh, hey!)
Bang bang there goes your heart (I know you want it)
Back, back seat of my car (I’ll let you have it)
Wait a minute let me take you there (ah)
Wait a minute 'til you (ahhh, hey!)
[Verse 2: Ariana Grande]
She might've let you hold her hand in school

But I'mma show you how to graduate
No, I don't need to hear you talk the talk

Just come and show me what your momma gave, oh yeah
(I heard you've got a very big shhh, mouth but don’t say a thing)
See anybody could be good to you

You need a bad girl to blow your mind
You know what, girls?

Let me show you how to do it
[Verse 3: Nicki Minaj]
It’s Myx moscato, it’s frizz in a bottle
It’s Nicki full throttle,
it’s oh, oh
Swimming in The Grotto
we winning in the lotto
We dipping in the powder blue, four door
Kitten so good, it's dripping on wood

Get a ride in the engine that could go
Batman, robbin' it,
bang bang, cockin' it
Queen Nicki dominant, prominent
It's me, Jessie, and Ari, if they test me, they sorry
Ride his uh like a Harley
then pull off in his Ferrari
If he hanging we banging, phone ranging, he slanging

It ain't karaoke night but get the mic ‘cause I'm singing
(Uh, B to the A to the N to the G to the uh)

(B to the A to the N to the G to the hey)

See, anybody could be good to you

You need a bad girl to blow your mind
Yeah, I said bang, bang

Bang, bang, bang, bang
